add note about the repo being archived (#155)
rapidsai/pynvjitlink: README.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> The final release of this project was `v0.7.0`.
> Similar functionality is available in `cuda.core`, and for `numba-cuda>=0.16`,

> > `numba-cuda` automatically detecst and enable nvjitlink when needed with no explicit configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `numba-cuda` automatically detects and enables nvjitlink when needed and available with no explicit configuration.
```

Author: blegh, thank you!
